A locally compact non-k_2-space (#1172)
pi-base/data: spaces/S000211/properties/P000191.md

---
space: S000211
property: P000191
value: false
---

> Any countable intersection of non-empty open sets is infinite.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any countable intersection of neighborhoods of $\omega_1$ is infinite.
```
